Name: Michael Bristol

ID:816003612
Date: 26th September 2018
Title:First Meeting
Today's meeting began 10am
	The Project's Specifications were defined more clearly and the document for today's submission was initiated.
	Group members were able to discover the Extra Activities of each other and subsequent schedules.
	The Approach in Development and acknowldgin the stengths and weakness of each member was dicussed

	Every week it is mandatory to have a meeting on thursday at 9pm on discord.
	I conducted an Informal Interview with a 20 year old female pursuing a degree in biology.
		Her responses confirmed our teams speculations of the real world problem to be solved.
		

Date 27th September 2018
Title:First Online Meeting
Began 9:00pm finished 10:30
	Held on Discord Which is were all online meetings will be held

	Talked about technologies to be used in accordance with Project specifications
	The meeting focussed on Funcational and Non Functional Services the application will provide.
	This included Comparing ideas to already existing softwares that are cross platform 
	Discussed high algorithms of achieving the functionalty
	Amanda appointed as secretary for that meeting noting the minutes.
	All members were present 
	Creation of a questionnaire  which was onpen google docs for members to contribute proposed questions 
	This Questionaire was done in preparation for a passive meeting on 29th September at 9PM
	passive meeting: Not all members are required to attend (only availble members)
	


	
Date:29th September 2018
Title:First Passive Meeting
Began 9:00 Pm finished 9:45

	The Teams Added More Questions to our Online Proposed Questionare document
	Converted the  questionairre to Google Forms 
	Learn new things about google forms
	For Example ordering sections 
	Breif Excel sheet edditing from forms
	Selection of certain sections depending on answer.
		
	 After Meeting edditng, Ordering Adding, ommitting, and testing was done to the Questions. 
	 This was done for a more User Friendly Questionaire until 11:PM.
	 The Memebers in this Meeting were Azel,Christaphor and Myself
	 
	 





