The information specified in the user and system requirements for this project was obtained from two primary sources. The first source was a Google forms survey of which over fifty UWI students participated in. The second source was a series of interviews conducted on UWI students.

The survey was conducted on October 2, 2018. The students in the survey were from various faculties and were at various levels in their degrees. The survey consisted of mainly closed choices and a few open-ended questions. The open-ended questions helped the group to gain insight as to what the clients required in an application of this scope. There were many trends and patterns that were ascertained throughout the response data set that helped with the extraction of the user requirements. 

More specifically though, 84.6% of respondents wanted an application that would save course information such as grades for assignments and exams as well as their corresponding weights. Another 80.8% of respondents stated that they would like such an application to be able to calculate the minimum grades needed to achieve a target GPA. Similarly, 75% of respondents stated that they will like to have that same functionality but to calculate minimum grades needed to pass a course.

In addition, 73.1% of respondents stated that they would like the application to be able to calculate their degree GPA. While 61.5% stated that they would like it to calculate their cumulative GPA. 

Another 67.3% of respondents stated that they would like for their course target grade to be saved, while 63.5% and 57.7% of respondents stated that they would like their degree and cumulative GPA information to be saved by the application respectively.

However, the interviews were what solidified the clients’ requirements for the application. They were conducted on the evening of October 2, 2018. A total of fifteen participants were interviewed by group member Maya Bannis. Through these interviews, the group was able to ascertain five additional requirements, as well as clarify many of the requirements already captured from the survey.

A copy of the questionnaire form can be found at https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf_6qIGpXvrPTvcmgrgLexsPJpWDn7kw_4y7q2P0eDZm_iVTw/viewform, while a copy of the interview questions can be found at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EvR7MyfncQdTvg8cwEEVj8g4Szqpi7Y5IfzjR3gO-oE.